app/views/patterns/information-from-document/README.md, before:


<img src="/public/images/information-from-document.png" alt="A screenshot of information on a document magnified. It is placed directly above the H1." />


## When to use this pattern

When a user needs to be directed to specific information on documents or other artefacts.

## How it works

The macro or zoomed out view gives a general overview of the document and key items of content. This helps a user to identify the document and orientate themselves.

The item of content on the document the user needs to be directed to is highlighted by a circle. Other information can be included in this circle if it helps with orientation but the main item should be centred. This circle provides the location of the information needed. The cone / triangle shape acts as a pointer and draws the eye. The magnified view then provides a close up of the content so a user is better able to read it.

Enabling users to enter information from the physical document can save them from posting or uploading. Therefore removing barriers to using the service. 

### Guidelines
- Make it clear the graphic is an example. Some users assume it's their actual document. 

- Ensure that values in the example are realistic but not valid data.

- Error messaging should help users self correct if they enter the example data.



## Research on this pattern
### Key insights
- Users may need explicit instructions to help locate the required information as well as the graphic.
- Some users will try to enter data from the example graphic rather than from their document. This could be by mistake or because they don't have their document to hand.

Commit message:

Updates to Key information panel and Find information from a document following feedback in the design crit and from Pamela Woods

app/views/patterns/information-from-document/README.md, after:


<img src="/public/images/information-from-document.png" alt="A screenshot of information on a document magnified. It is placed directly above the H1." />


## When to use this pattern

When a user needs to be directed to specific information on documents or other artefacts.

## How it works

The macro or zoomed out view gives a general overview of the document and key items of content. This helps a user to identify the document and orientate themselves.

The item of content on the document the user needs to be directed to is highlighted by a circle. Other information can be included in this circle if it helps with orientation but the main item should be centred. This circle provides the location of the information needed. The cone / triangle shape acts as a pointer and draws the eye. The magnified view then provides a close up of the content so a user is better able to read it.

Enabling users to enter information from the physical document can save them from posting or uploading. Therefore removing barriers to using the service. 

### Guidelines
- Make it clear the graphic is an example. Some users assume it's their actual document. 

- Ensure that values in the example are realistic but not valid data.

- Error messaging should help users self correct if they enter the example data.


<a href="/public/images/find-info-from-doc-illustration.sketch">Sketch file</a> for the illustration shown above.


## Research on this pattern
### Key insights
- This visual aid is particularly useful for users who have problems following written instructions, such as those with dyslexia.
- Users may need explicit instructions to help locate the required information as well as the graphic.
- Some users will try to enter data from the example graphic rather than from their document. This could be by a misunderstanding or because they don't have their document to hand.
- Following iterations, such as adding the 'Example' banner, Google analytics from the live SSCS service has shown that users entering the date from the example graphic has reduced and those succeeding the first time has increased.
