app/views/components/key-information/README.md, before:


<img src="/public/images/key-information.png" alt="Screenshots of the key information panel. It is placed directly above the H1." />


## When to use this pattern

Users attention needs to be focused on specific content within the body of a page.

This could be a summary of the page or key information the user should take away.

For example in SSCS it's used to highlight appeal status messages which inform the users what's just happened, what will happen next and by when.

## How it works

The pale blue panel attracts users focus and draws users to read the content.

This is particularly helpful where there is a lot of content on the page or where users have conditions which affect user ability to focus, for example, dyslexia.


## Research on this pattern

SSCS has tested this pattern on the Submit your appeal confirmation screen, Track your appeal and the Online resolution preliminary view and decision screens. Participants gave positive feedback in all scenarios. They were drawn to the panel and were able to playback the key information it contained.

Commit message:

Updates to Key information panel and Find information from a document following feedback in the design crit and from Pamela Woods

app/views/components/key-information/README.md, after:

<img src="/public/images/key-information.png" alt="Screenshots of the key information panel. It is placed directly above the H1." />

The pale blue panel draws the user's attention and encourages them to read the content.


## When to use this pattern

The user's attention needs to be focused on specific content within the body of a page.

This could be a summary of the page or key information the user should take away.

For example on the SSCS Appeal a benefit confirmation page, above, and Track your appeal it's used to highlight appeal status messages and is used in combination with the <a href ="http://hmcts-design-system.herokuapp.com/components/progress-bar">progress bar</a>. The panel content provides context to the current stage shown on the progress bar, telling the user what has just happened, what event will happen next and by what date.


## How it works

This component is particularly helpful where there is a lot of content on the page or where users have conditions which affect their ability to focus, for example, dyslexia.

The panel should only contain the top-level information users should take away from the page. Other supplementary content should be displayed elsewhere on the page. The hierarchy of the content on a specific page and what should be included in the panel can be determined by using research methods such as card sorting.

 


## Research on this pattern

SSCS have tested this pattern on the Submit your appeal confirmation screen, Track your appeal and the Online resolution preliminary view and decision screens. Participants have given positive feedback on all screens demonstrating they were drawn to the panel and were able to playback the key information it contained. 


When used to inform users what event will happen next, initially it didn't include dates for the next event. Research showed that if users had more certainty about when the next event will happen they are less likely to become anxious and call the contact centre for updates on their appeal.
